As with declarative transaction management,
you can specify transaction settings such as the propagation mode,
the isolation level, and the timeout, etc.
This can be set up in the constructor.
So here we are setting our PropagationBehaviorName to PROPAGATION_REQUIRES_NEW,
and we are setting the readOnly flag to true.
The TransactionStatus class represents the status of a transaction.
Transactional code can use this to retrieve status
information and to programmatically request a rollback
like we have done in the above code.
The TransactionTemplate will trigger a transaction rollback if
the callback code throws a runtime exception or if it sets the
transaction to RollbackOnly via the TransactionStatus argument
to the callback method.
Otherwise, it will automatically commit the transaction.
The TransactionStatus object is used to roll back the transaction.
This is caused by calling setRollbackOnly.
If the doInTransactionWithoutResult method completes successfully,
then the transaction will be committed. Let's see this in action.